---
layout:     post
title:      "NYC - day one"
subtitle:   ""
date:       2017-04-26 10:00:00
author:     "M&A"
header-img: ""
---

And so we got to the USA, yay, flight was long but not too bad, we got on the plane at 9am local time and arrived JFK at 4pm NY time. Of course the total duration was about 13h but didn't seem so long.

The first impressions of NYC weren't great. Massive traffic, old un-maintained roads, dirty, loud.
That's how our road from airport to east village looked like. We took uber pool which all in all was quite good option as we paid only 35$ and had a chance to chat with some locals about wine and food.

After we got to the apartment we haven't seen much as we were quite tried, so only went out to grab a quick dinner (ramen) and at 9pm we were in our bed.

One of the first things I was surprised by were fire escapes on the buildings. It's not I haven't seen them in the movies, but I wasn't aware how prevalent they are on the older buildings.

<photo>

The jet lag didn't really kick in. We woke up at 6-7am. We decided to walk up north from our apartment and first thing was to get something to eat, so we got into typical diner where you can get toasts, pancakes with eggs, bacon and unlimited coffee refills. Although instead of ladies waiters they were old men, but I cross it out from the things-to-experience-in-the-USA list.


On our way to Central Park we hit the times square and Broadway.

The Times square looks like any page without the adblocker. Shiny blinky with lots of adds.
But on its own way it's pretty cool. I'm glad we've seen it quite early so it wasn't packed with people though.

Before getting into Central Park we rent citybikes as we wanted to cycle through the whole park.
It was a great idea, as we use those bikes as our main way of transportation in NYC that day.

Central park is HUGE!

On our way back from CP we took Hudson bike path and went down to see Casey Neistat Office.
Unfortunately we didn't see him :/

We cycled to the Lower Manhattan to check out the statue of liberty and chill out for a few minutes and we head back to
our apartment. As it was around 4-5 pm we encounterd some traffic on the streets so were dancing between cars, which
was quite exciting!

And finally in the evening we went to see our first Broadway musical - The Groundhog day. Show was absolutely awesome and we can recommend it to any musical lovers :-) Just to make our first full day in US completed we went to a pub to see NBA game.

Second day of our NYC adventure started quite late as we left our apartment around 10am. The plan was to get to Sea, Space and.. We cycled our way there as we still had our citybikes from yesterday. The weather as absolutely great - sunny, cloudless - like in summer. After some tasty breakfast we started our museum tour. It was pretty cool to be on an aircraft carrier and inside a submarine! Next on our list was Central Station building. This old train station is somehow hidden between the toll, glass buildings but its every impressive and definitely worth checking. As we were nearby we've decided to go and see if we will be able to get to the Top of the Rock observatory that day. That was a good move as the first available slot was only at 9:45pm. We were googling the NYC "must see" we've found out that a very popular and recommend museum of modern art - MoMa - has free admission on Fridays 4pm to 8pm. As we were not far away we've decided to check it out. Even though there were hundreds of people we were happy the we went there -  we've seen some pretty impressive work-art by some famous authors. Later we still had some time before our Top of the Rock experience so we went to the Central Park for some rest and people-spotting Observatory itself was great and the view of the city - amazing. We both agree that this kind of view form the top is better at night as the lights which ends up on the horizon can really show you how enormous the city is! Just to finish this busy day wa had an hour long stroll back to our place - pretty proud of ourselves that we still didn't use any public transport.
