---
layout:     post
title:      "Nara"
subtitle:   "Deer day"
date:       2015-10-24 22:00:00
author:     "M&A"
header-img: ""
---

What a lovely day we had today! After yesterday's disruptions we finally made our trip to Nara. It is indeed a must see place in Japan.
There is a huge park with deer which you can pet and feed with 'deer biscuits'.
They are really used to tourists but we had a rough time making friends with them - Agata was 'attacked' and our map was eaten.
The park is also filled with historical sites that has been registered on UNESCO's World Heritage List.

First we went to **Kōfuku-ji** temple and its Pagoda. The temple was established in Nara at the same time as the capital in 710.
The five story pagoda has 50m and it is Japan's second tallest.


Then we saw one of the most beautiful sights in Japan, the second largest wooden building - **Tōdai-ji** temple with the Great Buddha inside.
The statue is very impressive - it's 16.2m tall and is made from 437 tons of bronze and 130 kilograms of gold.

Our final destination was **Kasuga-taisha** shrine - 2 paths to that shrine are lined with approximately 2000 stone lanterns and its interior is decorated with around 1000 hanging bronze lanterns.

After feeding the deers we also felt that someone should feed us as well, so went back to the town centre.
For lunch we went to one of Nara's many restaurant and we had [chankonabe](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chankonabe) - a type of dish, that sumo wrestlers have. It's a hot pot that contains a chicken or dashi broth and a few more ingredients.

Once we finished the lunch we headed back to the park to have some time to relax and feed deers again.
